what's up guys I over here and today I'm
going to be teaching you how to make
your very own YouTube channel now for
some of you this is really is a bit
basic but there's a lot of people that
don't know how and they want to get
started with YouTube so today I'm going
to be teaching you how you can make your
own channel so the first thing you want
to do is go ahead and go on youtube.com
now there's no sign of buttons you want
to just click on sign in now if you
already have a gmail account you can
just sign in to that and create an
account from there but if you do you're
going to go and click on create an
account here we're going to create our
own YouTube account now if you don't
have an email address click on I would
like a new gmail address and since
YouTube and Gmail are linked once you
create your YouTube account it's also
going to create a gmail account and vice
versa so here we are going to sign up
and put in all of our information so for
the name I'm just going to put in 0 for
YouTube or the Google username or my
gmail account is going to be Sai / YT
that's not taken that's good and then
I'm gonna create a password make sure
it's secure so I'm just going to put it
in you're going to put it in your
birthdate so make sure that you are at
least 13 because that is the age
required to upload on YouTube the gender
I am a male you don't have to put in
your phone number or your email address
so I'm not going to put either of those
in and I'm just going to put the
verification which is five seven eight
and then I'm going to agree to the Terms
of Service click next step and it is
going to sign me up so there we go
so it says welcomes I ovo your new email
address is I over YT at gmail.com now if
I go back on youtube.com and click on
sign in it is going to sign me into
these i / YT gmail address which is
created and like I said since I created
that email address I also have a youtube
channel associated with it so now if I
go on the left hand side here and click
my channel it's going to give you the
option to create a channel now what you
can do it is you can use your name for
your channel by just putting in your
first name and last name and click and
continue but if you don't want to link
to your Google Plus account what you can
do is to click over here and give your
channel a proper name so it doesn't have
to be an actual name so I'm going to
click here this is going to create a
youtube channel as well as a google page
for your channel art rather than a
google+ account so this is
more businesslike and you can name your
channel anything you want so I'm just
going to name mine zai ovo - and this is
going to be an art entertainment or
sports channel I'm going to agree to the
page terms and now it's going to create
a page with my channel but first I have
to verify my account so just put in your
phone number and you should receive a
text message with the code and then just
put that code in so I'm going to go and
do that right now okay so I just got my
code they texted it to me so I'm going
to put it in and then just click
continue to verify my account so they
know I'm not a bot and then your account
should be created so as you can see my
channel is now created a couple of
things you can do to start off is edit
your channel art so I'm just going to
click on add channel art and then you
can select photos from the gallery that
they already have as you can see or you
can upload your own photos they have to
be 2560 by 1440 so I'm just going to go
ahead and upload my banner which is this
one I believe and it is going to upload
on to my channel once it's done just
click click on select you can adjust the
crop but it looks fine the next thing
you can do is edit your profile picture
so just click on this pencil icon once
again and since your account is linked
with Google+ in this case in this case
it's a Google+ page I'm going to edit it
on there so as you can see it's going to
take me to my Google+ page which is
linked with my YouTube account which
kind of sucks but it's kind of something
you have to deal with but then on
Google+ I can edit my profile picture by
clicking here and then slicing a photo
and making it my profile picture I am
just going to change the crop so it fits
them fully click set as profile picture
and then it should be done now this is
your Google+ page which is connected
with your YouTube account you can choose
to edit this and make it your own but I
don't really use Google+ so I'm not
going to be focusing on that this
tutorial is about youtube so now your
profile picture should be edited as well
it does take some time to update if I
was to go into a separate browser and
sign into my account you would be able
to see it so I'm just going to quickly
sign into the second account of mine
that I just made as you can see the
profile picture is up and um if I go
onto my channel you can see that it
updated but it's going to take some time
to update on this browser now after you
set your profile picture and banner some
things you can do is go into the About
section of your channel and add a
description so I could be like yo this
is my channel set that up you can also
click over here there's a pencil on the
top right of your banner and you can
edit links so you can add for example
Twitter page and connect your Twitter to
it so I can be like HTTP so what I can
do is just put in the link to my Twitter
like so click done and it will show up
over here a couple other things you can
do include adding a channel trailer so
you would click on this pencil right
below your banner and go on edit channel
navigation and enable the browse and you
can edit some other settings there you
can also do things such as go to your
channel settings here you can add some
channel keywords so there's two more
things I'm going to show you before you
can start uploading videos and the first
thing is to go on youtube.com slash
features here you can verify your
channel enable monetization
as well as edit some other features of
your channel on the left hand side here
so you can set up low defaults so like a
default title and description you can
add featured content and branding and
the final thing you can do is go on
youtube.com slash upload to upload your
video so all you would do is select a
file upload it and it will be posted on
YouTube and that's all you need to get
started with YouTube so hopefully this
tutorial helped you guys out I'm sorry
this was a bit basic for some of you I
really wanted to make this to help those
who didn't want it if you guys like this
video be sure to give it a big thumbs up
and as always thanks for watching
my name is IO bow and I'm signing out
you